Rolen broke
hey what's going on guys
so I wanted to get your feedback your
opinion your professional
TRUCKING opinion
on these fuel mileage increases you see
am on the sides at people's sleepers
it's funny little reflector looking
things that are supposed to
make the wind or something come off for
your struck or around your truck
in a better way so that it increases
your aerodynamic ability
thus increasing your fuel mileage
i don't know i don't mean imagine they
work
but are they I mean how much would I
guess what my opinion up
good over a short enough period of time
to make them make it cost-effective
and then I've seen these things on the
back of
like box trailers
that basically all they do is stick out
about four and a half feet off the back
of it of the trailer which I don't
understand how that would work at all I
mean I make your truck 500 feet long
it's still the shape of the truck so I
don't understand
I understand how that would work at all
but apparently I've been seeing more and
more of them now the ones you see that a
lot of them that is the most common one
that you see
is that like the Aerodyne that are
underneath the box trucks
yeah I mean it closed off the landing
gear keep the air from getting
underneath the trailer now apparently
those really work what I've been told
that as much as a half and half a mile
per gallon so if your average and say
six six and a half miles a gallon when
you pull a trailer that has those on
there you'll average like seven maybe
even it's like 7.1 miles per gallon so
I've been at yeah I guess that would pay
off pretty damn quick
I don't know what they cost probably
six eight hundred thousand dollars
apiece tie would imagine but hell yah to
be able to recruit that money if you get
a half a gallon or a half a mile per
gallon difference ya des knows how to
pay for themselves in six months
or maybe less you know just depends on
how many miles you run
but I don't know that if it's all really
it's all really worth it or not
I guess you know if you could say even a
penny
a mile for a half a cent per mile
if you've got 500 trucks
you know running four or five hundred
miles a day I mean yeah eliana the big
big savings but you know they got have
the don'ts just his truck or two trucks
or three trucks I don't know if it
really be worth it or not
and again like I was just my opinion I
don't know any real numbers on them I
don't know what for one I don't know
what they cost and I don't have any real
world stands to tell me how much good
they really knew so i really i really
wouldn't know
just my opinion
you know what they say about opinions
everybody's got one
not many people want to hear about it
but everybody has one
Suns coming out guys it's going to be a
beautiful day
I hope
thanks for riding along I appreciate it
as always in i will see you bye